st1 [896][ADD] base_model_custom_mail_server (#289)
qrtl/sst-custom: website_blog_mail_server/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module does the following:

> * Send Blog Email updates from specific Mail Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sends blog update notification emails from a specific email server.
```
